Hello everyone. Welcome back to I'm
going to pack it. I'm Lonnie.
>> Hey, I'm Candace. Welcome back. We have
a ton of orders today, so this is going
to be split up into two videos.
>> Yep.
>> Yeah.
I'm going to probably drop them on
back-to-back days. I ain't making any
promises lately, but
>> Yeah. I'm thinking I probably will. Oh,
you're getting your new blade there,
huh?
I sure don't know if I'm getting Yeah,
actually I am. Can you wrap that up?
Yep. Yep. I didn't know if I needed a
new blade or not.
Cuz you can flip those blades around.
Okay.
I was watching a I was watching
myself pack.
Do you know what just I don't watch
myself pack normally, but I mean just,
you know, like
when I was editing. Oh my gosh.
Okay.
And every time I change out my blade on
this knife,
I tell myself, "Why did I Why did I wait
so long?" Cuz it seems so
It seems like such a bother, but it
takes like
60 seconds. Yeah.
Done?
No. No.
Always
do a preliminary tighten.
And then I
I'm done now.
>> Good? Yep.
All right, first thing.
A spoon.
An expensive spoon.
So, yeah, we're going to um
I don't actually
We We're probably going to be packing
about
I don't know, 40 items total. It's not
that many by some people's standards,
but we're pretty busy today. Yeah.
We have some nice big stuff going out.
Not too much big stuff, though.
We do Actually, we do have a couple of
big
kind of chunky things.
And a lot of smaller stuff.
>> [snorts]
[snorts]
>> All right.
Okay, is this all straight? What is it
What is this?
>> That's a jacket. Oh, it's a jacket.
Okay. Yeah. Cuz we have um I thought it
might be some army clothing cuz we have
several things of army clothing
that are going to be
Let's see.
We're going to pack this in. Y'all, I've
got a lot of options today because our
our box supply
You think um you think Ground Advantage
going to make sense on that cuz I can
use a free Ground Advantage boxes, so
I think it will.
We have it at 6 lb 12 12 12. Mhm.
Going to Texas.
I'm sure this will be fine.
Yeah, this will be good.
Hopefully the money's right.
versus UPS
>> Oh, that's a heavy jacket, huh?
Yeah. I'm surprised.
>> [snorts]
>> Yeah, we have a little bit of everything
going out today.
>> I know, we do. Like a
crazy [snorts]
mix of items. Excuse me.
We [snorts] truly are everything
sellers.
>> [clears throat]
>> So, it's Monday and
coming out of the weekend we didn't go
to sales again on Saturday cuz we did so
well Thursday and Friday.
Yep.
Yep. Oh, man.
That That's going to probably come to an
end at some point. I don't know. I keep
looking at the the amount of stuff we
have and I'm like, "Hmm."
At some point we're going to At some
point we're going to get a lot of this
stuff listed.
>> Yeah. Well, here's the thing, too, is
that like
y'all are going to see in a little bit
either today [snorts] or the next video.
We're packing up um
another [snorts] lot of those reels.
Yeah.
>> even know. Maybe you can look in a
little bit, Candace.
>> [snorts]
>> I think we have two lots of those reels
left on the shelves.
Oh, yeah.
>> Probably We probably sold about
eight of them or so by now, huh?
Uh yeah, I think so.
>> I don't know. That's what I was going to
see. Yeah.
That's what I was going to get you to
look up if you had a minute. Yep, I
will.
>> Cuz I'm curious.
Yeah, this is what I was looking for.
This one needs a little more strength.
There.
Let's see.
Because like we we still do have two
lots, but if it's not ones that whoever
happens to be looking Right. is wanting,
then they're not going to sell. So, like
>> us any good to have them up, yeah.
>> Right. The So, the more we have,
We have two lots left.
>> Okay, that's what I thought.
I wasn't sure, though. I Just looking at
the shelves, I figured that's where we
were at.
Okay.
And how many have we sold now?
You may get That may go back past 90
days, though. Right.
So, it might be kind of
Oh my gosh, why am I struggling with
this?
I can look at this year and then I'll go
back and look at last year. Okay.
So, this year we've sold
Maybe wait We may not have sold any last
year. It might just be this year.
Actually, I'm pretty sure we didn't,
huh? We've sold eight this year. Eight
lots? That's about what I thought.
Let me look at last year.
Well, that's really Last year we sold
two singles. Okay, that doesn't Yeah,
but not lots. So, since we've been since
we've been listing these lots, we've
listed 10
and sold eight.
That's really
Yeah.
>> That's really good and they haven't all
gone to the same person.
>> Right, right.
I don't know how many How many different
buyers is that?
Um I can go back and look. Oh.
>> I didn't look.
>> It's all right. Don't Yeah. Don't worry
about it. Okay.
So, that's enough proof. And I was kind
of Wait, we got I've got two different
I've got There's three thank you cards.
I had
>> have left one out.
>> Vincent?
>> You must have left one out the last
package. Okay. Um okay, so this spanker
box gets goes to Vinnie. Vinnie? Okay,
so that's the
>> That's probably Vincent, yeah.
All right.
So, Johnny
is the other one that's sitting here.
Oh, just hand me the box knife. I've
already STARTED IN THERE.
THERE WE GO.
SO, YEAH, ONCE ONCE I started
Once I saw, "Okay, we've listed 10." So,
that means we sold 250 of these things.
Yeah. Which I think is a about [snorts]
That's about 10% of what we have.
Yeah. So,
>> We've got quite a bit left to uh do. No,
we have a lot, a whole bunch.
>> Yeah. I think we have at I think we have
at least 2,000 of them left.
>> Yeah.
Four Islanders.
Oh, this box is 2.02 lb.
This is?
>> Yeah.
I can take a little bit off of it.
>> [snorts]
>> It's going to Oregon.
Oh, that'll probably save a lot. Yeah,
like $2. All right. I'll do it. For $2
I'll do it. Yeah.
I strengthened it I It's plenty strong.
I can definitely I can save that weight.
Does this get you where you want to be?
Yep. All right.
I should have weighed it
while I was packing.
>> [snorts]
[snorts]
>> All right.
Yeah, that's worth saving $2. Oh, yeah.
Yeah, we're golden.
Okay, what was I doing? All right, eye
liners.
Okay.
So, we brought back
um
We had to go to storage anyway for some
other stuff.
While we were there, we went ahead and
brought back
probably about
>> Good. 10 buckets. So, somewhere around
250 to 300 reels maybe. Yeah, something
like that.
And I brought them to the office.
And that's getting in because we have a
uh
We've been working on another project in
there anyway.
Yep. So, we have lighting in there and
I've got a good table I can take
pictures on.
So, at night I'm that's going to be my
little project at night. I might put on
Netflix or YouTube or something
and get a couple of those listed.
Like the listings are super duper easy
the way I do them.
Basically, they're all the same. This is
a Look at these pads, how compact.
Basically, they're all the same.
Shoulder pads is what that is. Huh? I
was telling him it's shoulder pads.
>> Oh, yeah.
Let me see.
I think they're going to fit.
I think I can put them in here. Let's
see. Oh, yeah. Probably catty-corner in
this and I can size it down a bit.
All right.
Yeah, those reel listings
super easy. They all have the same
description, see photos for the titles
and put it in, blah blah blah.
And then
basically like, I don't know,
maybe six photos of the reels.
And the real work on the listing is
actually just the pre-boxing of them.
Oh, yeah, that fits great just like
that.
Okay, and I'll just use my sizer here.
And if they're wrapped in plastics, I I
really don't feel like um
I don't feel like I need to
cushion them cuz if
you need to cushion them, then they must
not be very good pads.
>> your kid wearing them. All right.
That actually makes this a decent item
to get up cuz when we picked it up, I
was like, man, the cuz I remember the
last time I got these
I was kind of surprised those Let's see
what the weight is cuz I can save a
little weight. 3.48 oz. Yeah, I can't
save that much.
Um
I was kind of I was like, man, this size
of this model is not a great
But now that I Look at the shipping.
Yeah. And the listing was fast. So, I'll
keep buying them if we can get them uh
>> Usually they don't sell that fast, the
smaller ones. These sold really fast.
Well,
I priced them to sell. Yep. That's part
of it. Yeah, that's the key. Pick them
up cheap enough to flip them quick.
Right, that's what we did. Uh we were
into these for $5 by the way. Yeah.
Yeah, usually the little bitty shoulder
pads are in really good condition cuz
they either don't play long or they're
not getting hit too much, you know.
Okey-dokey. Got some GI Joe going out.
Okay.
These are actually going out to a friend
of ours that we're going to see soon.
Yeah. Kevin, the Tennessee picker.
Yep, we're
>> even realize he bought them until just
now. We go on picking with him. Yes.
In Tennessee? Yeah.
We're going to his turf. That's right.
It's actually it's kind of nice having a
It's kind of nice
going going picking in a different state
with a local. Yeah.
Like cuz he like that's not It's not
It's not his area, but
>> How far is Yeah, how far is that from
him from where
>> of hours where we're going.
>> But he's still very familiar with it.
>> Yeah.
And we kind of are, too. We've done that
sale what, three times?
>> Yeah, we've done it quite a few. Yeah.
So, yeah, looking forward to that.
Yeah, it's been a couple of years since
we've done like a really big highway
sale, so. I am I am kind of wondering if
we mispriced anything here.
Yeah.
Kevin's pretty savvy.
>> [laughter]
>> All right.
If y'all want to know more about
Tennessee picker, go check out his
YouTube channel.
Yeah, he's [snorts] a really
knowledgeable picker. In fact, when I've
had like
I've gotten um
help from him with figures before, like
wrestling figures and stuff.
>> Yeah.
But he Man, he knows stuff. He knows
items across a wide range Mhm. without
having to look stuff up or anything.
>> Yeah, he's got a very good memory.
And he's a good guy. We like him a lot.
And the other place Oh, uh he was he was
on our podcast. Yeah. Uh man, some of
this on the The Orion podcast, some of
the stories he was telling, oh my gosh.
Y'all, we were rolling. We were dying
laughing.
So funny.
Yeah, he's quite a character. Like the
time in the My favorite one is the the
time that he uh
he got an entire neighborhood Oh, yeah,
yeah. to have a neighborhood sale
by advertising that they were having a
neighborhood sale.
Even they weren't They weren't having a
>> Didn't he like put flyers in the
mailboxes and stuff? Yeah.
>> Yeah, and so they He didn't participate.
Well,
>> [snorts]
>> other than shopping at it.
>> Right. He did it so he would have
somewhere to shop.
>> [snorts]
>> And do you know that that is He said he
said that's an annual thing now. They
have a Yeah. Huh.
>> [snorts]
>> It's a neighborhood that he had that he
said it never had done it before.
Interesting.
>> So, it was
You cuz you know how a lot of these
neighborhoods, they do it like once a
year? Right. You know what that ends up
doing? It ends up making the um
it's not as fertile picking ground that
way. Yeah. Because every year they're
cleaning out, right?
>> Yep. That first year is probably pretty
darn good then.
>> The first year is Yes.
All right.
This little strips always come off of
these bubble mailers. I love the bubble
mailers. Yeah, they do.
I really like that Tennessee area. Oh,
he put a note for his personal
collection, so there you go.
>> Ah, okay.
That's what they all say.
I'm a collector.
Yeah.
No, he I think he actually is a
collector.
These will look good in my
>> [clears throat]
>> collection.
That AKA
uh death pile. Right.
>> [laughter]
>> You never know, these might go way up in
value one day. I hope they do.
Okay, we got some shoes going out for
Poshmark.
>> Yep, so that can go Ground Advantage.
I'm going to use one of those uh
Ground Advantage boxes like this. We
haven't Now, look, we haven't
We ordered [clears throat] quite a few
Ground Advantage boxes when they were
were first available. Yeah.
But I don't I have no idea how easy it's
going to be to replace them. Right.
Cuz I think now [snorts]
now Poshmark is uh
you order them
>> [snorts]
>> through the Poshmark app and I think you
have to have sales to kind of
>> or they maybe they limit on how many you
can get based on your sales. Or
something. We don't We don't know, but
it's not like it was, I don't think.
We still We have quite a few left, but
That's just based on hearsay cuz yeah,
we have
We have so many we probably wouldn't
need to order again for another
6 months. Yeah, I mean, I ordered, but
they sent me way more than I ordered, so
we're like, "Okay.
Not going to argue." No, we have a lot
of these in storage. YEAH.
WE GOT a couple hundred bubble mailers.
Um
got a bunch of these boxes, and we have
a bunch of the 12 12 eights.
Yep.
And then we have a bunch on the shelves
here, too, still.
I don't use them that often.
And the reason
>> [snorts]
>> uh a lot of times I like to make sure,
if I can, Candace has options. Yeah.
Okay, so what are we doing now? The
inside
>> Now we're doing um we sold a big set of
encyclopedias on Etsy, and we had them
kind of pre-packed in four boxes. Now,
we sold them with free shipping, so we
wanted to do the most economical
shipping we can that makes sense, you
know. Right. I mean, there's
>> So, we're going to figure out what we
need to do here.
>> We're still kind of constrained by, you
know, like we I don't like packing books
too too heavy.
Um
So, we're going to look at different
scenarios here. Yep. Cuz I do we do have
options. These are already
kind of double boxed
because I don't know why what was going
on at the time when I listed these,
but instead of using
like some 12 12 12 boxes or something, I
used I chose to use
two 12 10 fours
on each one of these.
>> [snorts]
>> And I did it four times, and
like I told Candace when we picked them
when we were picked them up, I'm like,
"Man, these are not these are heavy, but
they're not that heavy.
So, we could potentially
I could potentially like kind of wrap
strap these together
and do this in two shipments instead, or
maybe three. Yeah.
Like what I'm thinking is I could
do something like this.
Then use
use uh scrap cardboard to wrap around
it,
and then ship them uh in two packages
instead of one, but
that also increases Although, that would
be a lot of cardboard we'd have around
them. I'd feel okay. We're going to
compare
real quick the what it what it's going
to be between the two of those
scenarios. All right, so I ran the
numbers real quick.
And I based it on we have three of them
that are 25 lb in the same size, and we
have one that's a little smaller, but I
based it on the
three that are 25 lb.
If we ship these uh via UPS ground,
3269.
If I combine them, then it's about 50
bucks per two.
These shipping media ship for 2247.
If I combine them,
then actually the price
the price goes down a little bit. If I
combine them, it'd be a 4122.
So, if we did meet we're going media
mail with them.
>> Mhm.
But if we
if if we stack them and I you know, tape
them together and we do two packages,
we're going to we'd save about $7.
>> Yeah.
Um I think the way these are packed
in four boxes,
I think the
advantage of them uh weighing less They
won't they're less likely to get
mishandled, I think.
>> Right. Exactly.
>> Yeah. Um I think that's worth
spending the extra $7. Right. So, we're
that's what we're going to do. We're
going to keep it with four. We're going
to be spending
um
about $88, plus we're going to insure
each one of these is which through
Pirate Ship costs us $1 Right.
>> to insure per box.
Uh so, we're going to be spending about
$92 on shipping. We got How much? 220?
Please Please sold them for 220, yep.
220 minus 90, that leaves us with 130,
plus uh we paid 20 We'll we'll just say
20.
Uh that's 110 minus all the fees. And
it's going to be a lot of fees. Yeah. Uh
we're probably going to end up netting
about $80 on this.
>> Yeah. Which to me,
awesome. That's worth it. So, we're
doing thank you cards in each box. Yep.
And I actually think we can do one more
pack after this, too, or a couple packs
or two
>> Okay. before we
sign off and start the next video.
>> Sounds good.
>> Because this is not taking near as long
as what we
anticipated. Because not combining these
also
eliminates a little bit of labor.
Okay.
And our carrier, I'm sure, will
appreciate the fact that we're not
making these 50 lb.
>> Right. Absolutely.
>> That's part of it, too. Like there's
there's more than one
one thing to consider when it comes to
something like that, you know.
There's the there's straight up just the
price, and then there's other things
that aren't necessarily about the
the financial side of it. Yeah, there's
a lot of things to consider.
So, do you want to go ahead go ahead and
cut while we get these labels sorted
out?
>> Yeah. Yeah, we're going to go ahead and
get these labels
>> We'll be right back. All right, we got
that
squared away. Took took just a few
minutes of computer work cuz we had so
many um
Hey, don't forget on this one Oh, this
is Mercari, huh? Yeah, it it printed a
hazmat label. Okay, and then we have our
own.
Yeah, we have our little stickers. We'll
put them one on there. What do with my
tape gun?
What is that?
>> [snorts]
>> I was looking to see if it's aerosol.
It's not.
Oh, wait.
No, it's not.
>> What is it? It's some spray, face spray.
Oh, that's a that's an order we're about
to pack.
>> Yeah, I was looking to see if I needed
two stickers. Ah, okay, got you. I'll
just go ahead and mail them out.
These samples are great because they
don't like the the way they're packed is
already really safe for them.
Yeah, you're supposed to wrap them in
plastic and include absorbent material,
where they already have that.
Uh
like they're in plastic, and then
they're in cardboard, but also we do put
more paper in there, too. Right.
Not saying that nothing can happen.
Actually,
the way I have this packed, I I feel
pretty confident that if one did spring
a leak, they'd be fine.
>> Yeah. In that bag. Yeah.
And they're sealed in their original
shrink, as well.
>> Right, that's Yeah, that's what I was
saying. Yeah.
Okay. Now, we might want a bag for that.
It's not it's it is liquid. Okay, I'll
bag it.
You want to put it in this?
Yeah, that's fine. And then I'll Yeah.
We'll make our package a good neighbor
for y'all's packages if they happen to
be
Yep.
if they happen to be on the same ride.
We'll go ahead and put those in another
bag, too.
Hey, did you put a hazmat sticker on
that last one? Mhm.
Yep.
Okay, I think we're going to pack what
one more thing this this go around.
>> Yeah, let's do one more. Okay. I think
that'll put us in a good spot.
All right, we've got a model. Let me
grab you a card.
Let's see.
How long is this thing, huh?
Uh Oh, I can actually You know what?
That's pretty skinny, too. I might I
might actually be able to use one of my
um
eBay boxes here. Let's see.
Yeah, this will actually work out
pretty well.
Yeah, that'll work out great.
I can box it.
>> [snorts]
>> It's going to be nice and tight.
I'll probably resize it down just a
hair.
I'll put a little bubble wrap on the
like this, but not on the ends, cuz it's
going to be tight on the ends.
It's a fairly low low-cost model here.
Yep, that's perfect.
See? It's not tight.
Added benefit, I don't even know where
we're at weight-wise in here or
anything, but
added benefit, I could cut some flap
if I want to.
>> We did it at 15 oz.
Okay.
>> [snorts]
>> Probably come in below that a little
bit. Let's see where we're at right now.
Yeah, we're already
Yeah, we're going to come in at 12 oz.
And based on what I saw,
I don't think
I don't think cutting any material I
don't think we can get it down to 8 oz,
so I'm not going to cut any material
off. I'm going to leave it stronger.
>> [snorts]
>> Okay.
Was that it for this one?
>> Yep, that's going to be it.
>> Okay. So, yeah, that's going to be it
for this one.
Uh join us tomorrow morning when we
release part two of this video. Thanks
so much for watching. We'll see y'all
again very soon. Bye, y'all.
>> Bye.